Co-authored by Patterson and Hennessy, winners of the 2017 Turing Award,
this book is a classic textbook in the field of computer architecture,
emphasizing the co-design of software and hardware and its impact on performance.
This book uses the ARMv8 architecture to explain the basic principles of hardware technology,
assembly language, computer arithmetic operations, pipeline, memory hierarchy, and I/O.
The new content covers tablet computers, cloud infrastructure,
ARM (mobile computing devices) and x86 (cloud computing) architectures. New examples include IntelCorei7,
ARMCortex-A53, and NVIDIAFermiGPU.
This book is suitable as a teaching material for computer majors in colleges and universities,
and is also suitable for reference by the majority of professional and technical personnel.

This book uses the "problem-driven",
"basic first" and "combination of examples and practice" methods to clarify the basic C++ features.
The book is divided into three parts. The first part introduces the basic concepts of C++ programming,
the second part introduces object-oriented programming methods,
and the third part introduces the content of algorithms and data structures.
In order to help students better grasp the relevant knowledge, each chapter of this book includes the following modules:
objectives, introduction, key points, check points, questions and case studies, summary of this chapter,
online quizzes, programming exercises, hints, tips, warnings And teaching tips.
This book can be used as a textbook for computer and related professional C++ programming courses in colleges and universities,
and can also be used as a self-study reference book for C++ programming.

This book aims to teach readers how to use Python language to program and solve problems.
The book is equipped with a large number of easy-to-understand examples, pseudo-codes, and flowcharts.
Each chapter is also accompanied by learning cases,
which aims to help readers master the method of solving problems through step-by-step analysis.
This book introduces basic knowledge such as the working principle of computers, data storage and backup,
first gives an overview of the interactive mode, script mode and IDLE environment of the Python language,
and then introduces the decision-making structure and Boolean logic of Python, files and exceptions, and lists in turn.
With knowledge of tuples, classes, and object-oriented programming, event-driven GUI programming is also introduced after.

This book shows the methods and techniques of using MATLAB to solve various typical problems.
It not only guides readers to write clear, efficient and good MATLAB programs,
but also introduces a large number of practical functions of MATLAB. The book has 9 chapters.
The first 7 chapters cover the basic concepts and implementation of MATLAB,
and the latter 2 chapters introduce more advanced applications. The content of this book is comprehensive,
easy to understand, suitable for engineering and computer professional teaching materials,
but also as a self-study book for the majority of scientific and technological workers to master MATLAB calculation tools.

The book is divided into three parts. The first part,
from Chapter 1 to Chapter 4,
aims to review the concepts of C++ programming and the analysis and measurement methods of program performance.
The second part, from Chapter 5 to Chapter 16, studies data structures, including linear tables, arrays and matrices,
stacks, queues, dictionaries, binary trees, priority queues, competition trees, search trees, and graphs. The third part,
from Chapter 17 to Chapter 21, studies common algorithms, including greedy algorithm, divide and conquer algorithm,
dynamic programming, backtracking algorithm and branch and bound algorithm.
This book has more than 800 practice questions and more than 50 application examples. The content is extensive,
the organization is reasonable, the discussion is clear, the gradual progress,
and the analysis and measurement system of the program performance are nuanced.
This book is not only a classic textbook of data structures and algorithms,
but also an ideal reference book in the field of computer science and engineering.

The study of computer complexity theory is one of the important research fields of computer science,
and Chistos.H.Papadimitriou is one of the experts in this field.
This book is a textbook comprehensively expounding the theory of computer complexity and its progress in recent years.
It mainly contains basic concepts related to computational complexity theory such as algorithm Turing machine and computability;
Boolean logic, first-order logic, and undecidability in logic The basic knowledge of complexity theory;
the core content of complexity theory such as the concepts of P, NP, and NP complete and the relationship between them;
random algorithms, approximate algorithms, parallel algorithms and their complexity theories;
and Introduction to complexity classes such as polynomial spaces other than NP.
