The Cultural Revolution was in full swing at the same time. The "Red Bank Project",
the military's secret plan to explore alien civilizations, has made breakthrough progress.
But at the moment when the launch button was pressed, Ye Wenjie, who had experienced catastrophes,
did not realize that she had completely changed the destiny of mankind.
The first cry from the earth civilization to the universe, centered on the sun,
flying towards the depths of the universe at the speed of light...
Four light-years away, the "Trisolaran Civilization" is struggling-more than a hundred destructions and rebirths
led by three irregularly moving suns forced them to flee their home planet. And just at this time.
They received the message from the earth. After using ultra-technology to lock down the basic science of the earth's people.
The huge space fleet of Trisolarans began to march towards the earth...
The end of mankind is coming quietly.

Historically, the past is history, and yesterday is history. Asimov is different.
His "Base" series writes "the history of the future", the "history of the distant future", and the "history of tomorrow"!

Asimov, the "future historian", the American "Tai Shigong",
used "epic" strokes and the grand chapters of the "base" series to tell the readers from the "Galaxy".
"Empire", the ups and downs from the first base (usually called the "base") and the second base,
and the ups and downs from the "mule", fully dedicate the "history of the future" to readers.
"Base" is the first part of the "Base" series of trilogy. The Galactic Empire, which has ruled the Milky Way for 12,000 years,
has gradually declined. At this time, only Harry Shedon, a master of the history of mind,
foresaw that everyone in the galaxy will experience a dark period of 30,000 years, full of ignorance,
barbarism, and war in the future. Xie Dun set up a collection of the best scientists in the empire and came to a desolate
planet on the edge of the galaxy to build a "base", hoping that it could become a beacon of hope for future generations of mankind.
However, as the empire gradually declined, the base was surrounded by strong militant neighbors.
Mankind also faces painful choices: surrender to barbaric forces and be willing to be controlled?
Or fight against the danger of being destroyed?

Let us go back to the era when the machine Daniel was not yet manufactured more than 20,000 years ago.
At that time, the earth was still a habitable planet, and human beings were busy making robots...
Three laws of robotics
1. Robots must not harm humans or cause harm to humans due to inaction.
2. Unless the first rule is violated, robots must obey human orders.
3. The robot must protect itself without violating the first and second laws.
Is the logic of the three laws impeccable? Do these three laws make robots more docile or more dangerous? Susan Kevin,
the chief robotic psychologist of "American Robotics Company", recounted the 9 most profound accidents in her memory...
Series introduction:
The Best All-Time Novel Series in Human History—World SF Novel Association, 1966, Ohio
"Galactic Empire", the book you are about to open, has always been considered the limit of human imagination,
the most interesting and fascinating story in human history, telling the history of mankind for the next 20,000 years:
In an empire composed of 2.5 million inhabited planets, there is a young man named Sheyton, who was born on a remote planet;
at the age of 32, he came to the whole galaxy with the secret to change the fate of the empire. Capital: Chuanduo Planet.
From the moment he met the imperial emperor, the smoke of war and the fear of apocalypse immediately permeated the entire galaxy...
In the 60 years since its publication, this book has had a profound impact on human space exploration,
the world situation, cutting-edge economic theories,
and Hollywood movies; as its readers have grown into leaders in all walks of life (such as U.S. President George W. Bush,
Bell Prize winner Krugman, NASA astronaut, bin Laden), and this influence has penetrated into all aspects of human culture.
Open the book and start to enjoy the "Best All-Time Novel Series" in human history.

In the 24th century, mankind invented the time force field. In the 27th century,
after mankind mastered time travel technology, they established an organization called Eternity,
which silently guards the development of human society behind each era. Eternal space-time is based on a century,
and fine-tuned according to the development needs of each century, so as to avoid greater harm to society as a whole.
By correcting the mistakes of the past and strangling all disasters in the bud, mankind finally has a peaceful future.
However, this "absolutely safe" future is coming to an end one day.
The chain of cause and effect formed unknowingly is like darkness flooding from all directions, about to swallow all mankind.
Andrew Harlan, born in the 95th century, is a space-time technician of eternal time and space,
and an elite of human future society. His vocation is to manipulate the space-time pot and travel time to protect 50 billion humans.
In a space-time mission, he met a girl who made him fall in love at first sight,
but the sudden love made him question the whole world.
At the same time, the last hope of mankind also fell on the time traveler Andrew Harlan's last space-time mission...
