A girl who walks through the sky, traveling through thousands of years of time and space,
from the prosperous city of Shenzhen to the court of treacherous changes.
The elder brothers who were in the fight for position, after the affectionate gaze, with inquiry,
temptation and a bit of true and false distress. She tried hard to avoid the torrent of history,
but those dark and deep eyes would hold her back

One of the past and present series.
"If you dare to die, I will immediately go to Zheyan for a potion, and forget you completely."
His body trembled for a while, and he pulled out a smile. He said, "That's fine."
The last word he left to me in this world is, that's fine.
Have you ever loved someone? Have you hated someone?
Three hundred years ago, she on Zhuxiantai absolutely turned and jumped off, letting him on the bronze mirror see her forever.
There is no such a mortal woman as her in this world, the prince Yehua of the Nine Heavens is just a dream she has,
with endless suffering and a slightly peachy color.
But the dream will eventually wake up. After being fragmented,
she picked up the Meng Po Tang and forever forgot this dusty relationship.
Three hundred years later, in the Dragon Palace of the East China Sea, she met him unexpectedly and reborn.
When confronted with this negative person again, she was as indifferent as the wind,
but she did not know why he rubbed her eyes again and again with his cold hand.
Sansheng III, are she and him destined to have a tangled marriage?
Sansheng Sanshi, can she and him finally make a promise for life after life?

"Pride and Prejudice" is Jane Austen's masterpiece, a classic novel about love and marriage.
The work uses the love entanglements between the heroes and heroines Darcy and Elizabeth due to arrogance and prejudice as a clue,
and four marriages are written: Elizabeth and Darcy, Jane and Bentley, Lydia and Wickham, Charlotte and Collins.
Elizabeth, Jane, and Lydia are three sisters of Bennet’s five daughters, and Charlotte is their neighbor and Elizabeth’s friend.
The protagonist Darcy and Bentley are good friends and grew up with Wickham, while Collins is a distant relative of the Bennett family.
The five daughters of the Bennett and his wife had no heirs. According to the law at the time,
they had to be inherited by the distant nephew Collins after their death. Therefore,
marrying the five daughters to a wealthy family became Mrs. Bennett's biggest wish. Bentley,
an unmarried son of a wealthy family, leased the Netherfield Manor near Bennett's home,
which became the focus and topic of discussion. Soon, Bentley fell in love with the beautiful and virtuous eldest lady Jane.
Bentley's friend Darcy had a good impression of the clever and straightforward second lady Elizabeth,
but because of her rude words at a ball, Elizabeth was biased against him.
The misbehaving Wickham told Elizabeth that he was the son of the late general manager of Darcy Manor and grew up with Darcy.
Darcy's father had previously promised him the teaching position, but he was stripped of him for no reason.
But Darcy persuaded Bentley to terminate the relationship with Jane because of Elizabeth's mother and other sisters,
and the four of them broke up. Wickham's slander of Darcy and the harm caused by Darcy's persuasion to Jane further deepen Elizabeth's prejudice against Darcy.
Collins inherited the property with peace of mind and decided to choose a "wife" from the five beautiful daughters of the Bennett family,
so he proposed to Elizabeth. After being rejected, he immediately turned to Miss Charlotte,
who had not yet been married and was eager to find her "hometown", and she was granted permission.
Elizabeth was invited to be a guest at the home of the newlyweds, Collins and Charlotte,
and unexpectedly met Darcy who came to visit Mrs. Catherine. Darcy was overwhelmed by Elizabeth and asked her to marry him,
but because of his arrogance, Elizabeth rejected him angrily. At the same time,
Elizabeth accused Darcy of being cruel and ruthless towards Wickham, not to mention breaking the love between Bentley and Jane.
Afterwards, Darcy wrote to defend himself, which gradually eliminated Elizabeth's prejudice.
Elizabeth passed by Darcy's manor when traveling with her uncle and aunt, thinking that Darcy was not there,
and went in to visit. Unexpectedly, Darcy's sudden return made Elizabeth feel very embarrassed. However,
Darcy did not have the arrogance of the past and received them very warmly. At this time,
Elizabeth suddenly received a letter from her family and learned that Wickham had eloped with her sister Lydia!
After returning home in a hurry, the family was at a loss. Unexpectedly, Darcy made an unannounced visit to their whereabouts,
funded their marriage and arranged their lives, and preserved the dignity of the Bennett family.
This incident allowed Elizabeth and Darcy to clear up their previous suspicions, and Bentley and Jane rehabilitated,
and finally the lover finally got married.
